# 创建

Aplication PDBs, SALES \_APP1 and SALES \_APP2, must be created and they must access common tables of the SALES APP application.
Examine these steps:

1.  Install the SALES\_APP application, induding the common tables, in the application root.
2.  Install the SALES\_APP application in the application root and the common tables in both the CDB root and the application root
3.  Create an application seed.
4.  Install the SALES\_APP application in the application seed.
5.  Create the SALES\_APP1 and SALES\_APP2 application PDBs.
6.  Sync the SALES\_APP1 and SALES\_APP2 application PDBs with the application root.
7.  Sync the SALES\_APP1 and SALES\_APP2 application PDBs with the application seed.
8.  Sync the application seed with the application root.
    Which are the minimum required steps in the correct sequence?
    O A. 1,3,5,7
    O B. 2,5,6
    O C. 1,5,6
    O D. 3,4,1.6,8
    O E. 1,3,5,6,7

A container database, CDB1, contains a pluggable database PDB1.
Another container database is called CDB2.
You want to relocate PDB1 from CDB1 to CDB2 with near-zero down time.
Which three are required?
0 A. CDB2 must be in shared UNDO mode only.
O B. CDB2 must be in archivelog mode.
0 C. CDB1 must be in archivelog mode.
O D. CDB1 and CDB2 must both be in local UNDO mode.
1 E. CDB1 must be in shared UNDO mode only.A container database, CDB1, contains a pluggable database PDB1.
NE CDB1 and CDB2 must be in shared UNDO mode.

-   Which two are true about creating pluggable databases (PDBs) in Oracle 19c and later releases?
    ] A. A PB snapshot depends on an existing storage snapshot of the source PDB.
    I B. APDB snapshot can be a full copy of a source PDB.
    -   C. A PDB snapshot can be a sparse copy of a source PDB
        I D. A snapshot copy PDB does not depend on an existing storage snapshot of the source PDB.
        U E. A snapshot copy PDB can be a full copy of a source PDB
